# Laptop configuration

> **awesomeWM** dotfiles are a no-no, broken, tot. Don't expect anything near beautiful.

The idea behind my laptop configuration is to abstract as much as possible
all possible color definitions. This is handled by [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal.git).

## Before anything

Please install [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal.git).

## Choosing a theme

* List themes with: `wal --theme | less -R`
* Set a theme with: `wal --theme [THEME]`

## Programs with dinamic color setting

Programs which color setting is handled by pywal. Unchecked programs are not. Files in parenthesis are located in `~/.cache/wal`
>`wal` supports more programs, this is currently the big picture for my laptop

- [x] i3wm (`colors.xresources`)
- [x] vim (via `wal.vim` plugin)
- [x] rofi (`colors-rofi-dark.rasi`)
- [x] urxvt (`colors.xresources`)
- [x] kitty (pywal `colors-kitty.conf`)


- [ ] zathura
- [ ] dunst
- [ ] awesomeWM


## Notes about some programs

### Vim

.vimrc comes with [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) as plugin manager, it will install automatically if not already. (See [automatic installation](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug/wiki/tips#automatic-installation) from vim-plug's wiki)

### Zathura

Colorscheme is set with an include directive. Themes should be saved inside
`themes/` folder.

**Recoloring** is active to render PDF's following the colorscheme set.

### Pureline

Pureline is a pure bash script status line for the Bash shell. See [pureline](https://github.com/chris-marsh/pureline)
It's tightly couple to the `.bashrc` file, where the correct path to pureline's conf file must be specified.


## TODO (maybe)

* Create a script to dinamically create colorschemes for those programs not working right now with wal.
* Fix awesomeWM someday, which is pretty much broken as of now.
  * Create a theme (muhtheme)
  * Probably there are hardcoded paths, remove them.
* Use firefox.css generated by wal? This may be cool. But, how?
* Create issues for something that do not work as expected.
